[Music]
this woman applied gray powder on her
cheeks and then her neck
next she put on black lipstick and in
the end
she painted all her body gray she picked
up the mirror to check it many times
she finally could go out because this
woman was living in an idyllic black and
white world
but this time when she was playing cards
the card suddenly turned colorful
she was startled and almost dropped them
why did they suddenly become chromatic
that night when david and his sibling
jennifer were fighting over the
television
jennifer accidentally pressed a button
all of a sudden the two was suck into
the television screen
looking at their grey skin jennifer was
shocked a mysterious repairman appeared
in the television
david seemed to understand the situation
they turned out to be transported into
the movie pleasantville
and became the parker's children the
mysterious repairman explained that
the world of pleasantville is better
than the real world so firstly
they had to follow the movie's plot
fortunately david was a big fan of the
movie
and remembered the plot very well they
found this world wholesome but peculiar
at the same time
david could easily throw the ball into
the basket without any effort
so he didn't really hate getting stuck
here but jennifer didn't think so
they ate the same breakfast every day
firefighters could merely rescue cats
from trees
all of them made she feel hopeless
suddenly she found an attractive guy
this handsome look completely drew
jennifer's attention she now had a
reason to stay here
what's more as the movie's plot martin
would fall in love with her
as expected not long after that he asked
jennifer out to lovers lane
but all of the couples just sat on the
car and talked how could they call this
love
jennifer decided to be a pioneer she
pushed martin down
and had sex with him which was a brand
new concept to him
and everyone else in the town although
it was the first time
martin was very satisfied when they
returned home they discovered
a red rose on the tree which had never
appeared in this black and white world
one day when betty the mother was
playing cards she saw the cards in her
hands turn red
in the town there were more and more
people becoming chromatic
because of having not seen colors before
they all considered it as a disease
they also came to the hospital for a
checkup betty heard that the disease
broke out from the lover's lane
so she asked jennifer about it and we're
told about sex and masturbation
which she had no idea about because her
husband george and her had never had sex
before
in the evening while taking bath she
tried to imagine
as a result the tree in the garden
suddenly caught fire
david rushed to the firefighters but
they didn't even know what fire was
after david had said that there was a
cat on the tree they immediately stood
up
facing the big fire these firefighters
didn't know what to do
david could only take the hose and gave
it to them wow
i don't know these toys are this useful
it was hard to believe that these words
were said by a firefighter after the
incident david became the hero of
pleasantville
the townsfolk were all curious how he
knew about fire it was the first time
david had told them about the outside
world
just after a few words of david the
white pages were gradually full of words
the library got more and more guests
slowly
parts of pleasantville changed from
black and white to color which attracted
the mayor's attention
who viewed it as a threat he invited mr
parker to help stop the transformation
but the mother also became chromatic to
avoid being discovered by her husband
she could only apply gray powder and put
on black lipstick
she disguised herself as her original
black and white self
the repairman from earlier came to david
because through the television he found
the town had changed upside down
he wanted to bring david and jennifer
back to the present world
but david rejected he wanted to
completely change this place
betty was harassed by non-chromatic
teenage boys they kept saying unpleasant
words about her
one of them even touched her collar a
second later david turned up and knocked
him down
the boy saw blood and hurriedly ran away
the mother took out the mirror from her
bag
because of anger david also became
chromatic the mother and son hugged each
other
a riot was ignited by the nude painting
of betty on the window of a malt shop
the people didn't stop cursing her a man
rushed toward and destroyed the painting
other people clapped their hands
excitedly there were more and more
people
rushing in and destroying the shop but
at the same time
pleasantville became more colorful the
pink of peach blossom
the blue of lover river and also the
purple of lily the red of rose
more and more people turned chromatic in
the town there was even the first reign
of pleasantville
feeling that the situation was being out
of control a ban on chromatic people was
initiated in public venues
they put signs on the doors the
chromatic people were harassed on the
street
books in the library were burned they
even made ridiculously unequal rules
facing the seriously fierce attack david
and the people could only hide in their
houses
but hiding like this wouldn't solve
anything so david and his friend sneaked
out in the evening
and painted a colorful mural depicting
their world the next day when the people
saw the colorful wall
they started to comment more and more
people gathered to see the wall
because it was banned the two was
imprisoned brought to trial in front of
the entire town
david and bill still adamantly defended
their actions david went to his father
confronted him he convinced him to face
the mother's love
looking at his beautiful wife the father
suddenly burst into tears
in a wink the father became chromatic at
this time
the whole hall became chaotic and the
people started to turn
colorful after that he aroused enough
anger and indignation in the mayor
the mother saw that and gave david a
mirror the mayor looked in the mirror
and found that he also became chromatic
so awkward was he that the mayor fled
immediately
after that the whole pleasantville
became colorful the people started to
open their hearts
and have more freedom after finishing
his wish david decided to return to his
normal life
but jennifer decided to stay in the tv
world it's the end of the movie
pleasantville is an american fantasy
comedy drama film
the black and white world and the scenes
are set up interestingly
this life will never be stable humans
can't be the same individuals
to be honest no one likes the
resemblance we all have interesting and
unique souls
briefly we aren't the same